I hello welcome back to the video I hope
you're doing really good I hope you safe
and healthy at the moment in today's
video I'm going to be taking you through
some of my favorite snacks now I do
pride myself in my socks at the moment
resolving in isolation it's super easy
to make a hundred trips to the fridge
and just like picking them grades and
it's tough for them but I'm you know
you've like cleared up whole fridge I
make it a priority to make it like
healthy nutritious and really filling
meals whether it's like a snack or a
main meal so that is what I'm going to
be showing you through today if you
follow me through I'll probably know how
much of a sweet tooth I've got that I am
going to go through some savory option
as well before he gets right into it if
you could like this video it would be
really appreciated for the savory option
I'm going to make like a nutty chicken
it's super easy you don't need actually
that many ingredients I'll show you what
you need also pop the macros and
everything has I usually do on the
screen so I'm using about half the pack
of chicken breast you could also use out
any vegetarian options or like turkey
whatever you prefer and I'm using some
almond butter again you can just replace
any of this like peanut butter or
whatever not but II got in I'm using
some chopped garlic some curry powder
and 1/2 a lemon as well as a cucumber so
that's all you'll need it's hot the oven
on to preheat that to 200 degrees and
then I'm going to mix my first
ingredients before I doing with the
chicken so I'm using 2 tablespoons of
the almond butter mine's actually super
drives and ever had to add some hot
water to it and I'm using some already
chopped garlic that just saves so much
time but obviously you could just use
like a chopped garlic clove and I'm
using 2 tablespoons of that and I'm just
using a teaspoon of curry powder and I'm
also adding some boiling hot water in
just a tiny bit because one nut butter
was so dry but you might not need to do
that if it's like quite oily and then
I'm just giving that a stir
in a separate container and I'm just
adding a squeeze of lemon as well this
just makes it a bit more like tangy
which is really nice I've got 210 grams
of chicken here that's just like enough
for like one portion size and I'm just
adding all my sauce to my bowl with the
chicken and mixing that all together and
then I'm just walking my chicken on some
tinfoil my the woman was already
prepared at 200 degrees and I always
like to fold the tinfoil I find that
just keeps it a bit more juicier and for
a snack I'm just having some key convert
with my chickens are just chopping that
up I used about half of the cucumber and
just put it on the plate
pop the chicken in the oven and that
only takes about 10 minutes just keep an
eye on it I just love how quick and easy
this one is and really satisfying
mention as well the only reason I added
hot water is because my almond butters
like a bit dry so if you if yours is
quite like oily then you don't need to
do that but it's just like to get the
consistency and stir so guys my finished
chicken amazing it's like a little kebab
boy the wooden stakes that I had in one
of my cupboards and yeah really really
nice and healthy snack when it does come
to snack in like I'd rather have like a
proper you know more filling snack like
you could have like I know like a
chocolate rice cake it doesn't it
doesn't touch the sides for me so I've
met Trevor something like this and
you'll also find like they're actually
probably lower calorie like having
something like this so one of my
absolute favorites for quite a long time
is sweet egg white this is perfect if
you've got a sweet tooth it has really
good macros and it's just so tasty I'm
really like thankful that I found this
one that all you're going to need is
five eggs and some coconut zero sugar if
they're a calorie flavor drops
he's a little bit of oil in so here I'm
just mixing all my egg whites together
and then adding a few of my flavour
drops these are really strong so you
need like a little bit so that works at
about a hundred and seven
three grams for egg white it might be
like very obviously dependent I've got a
medium or large eggs but trying not to
waste any of the actual egg yolks I was
given mine to make some more like use
them in my recipes during the week and
stir and I just cooked my egg whites
like scrambled egg and I just do it on
like a low heat I like to add a teaspoon
of like a cinnamon powder in the actual
egg whites and then I also add some more
you can never have enough of cinnamon
and yeah that is my finished egg whites
it literally takes a couple minutes
really really quick and easy and I'm
just topping it with some apple and
cinnamon all you kind of mix this up all
the time and as well as some cacao nibs
I'm absolutely set with these I have
been with anything and everything now
but yeah I love how high-protein egg
whites are but low-calorie so the next
one is like a chocolate Greek yogurt
protein Bowl so delicious I love having
this in a night as well I have to have
my dinner
I could also not really high protein as
well they do represent fat Greek yogurt
and whey protein I'm leaving the cookies
and cream flavor so cacao powder or any
sort of like a hot chocolate powder that
you've got in and a banana for this one
I I like just popping it in a blender
but don't run if two logs it just turns
into like a smoothie otherwise and it's
just because my cacao powder doesn't mix
that well but it just saves not whisking
it for ages so I just pop it in and I
also like mash the banana as well so I'm
measuring out 150 grams of Greek yogurt
I absolutely love going over it it's
super high in protein and vitamin B and
then I'm just using 30 grams of banana
and 20 grams of the cookies and cream
whey protein and 6 grams of cacao powder
you could also use like and you've got
chocolate powder if it's a bit thick in
the blender just add a tiny bit of milk
and then just like stir the rice but
don't overdo that is so good he really
supports a healthy balance in your gut
and with it being high-protein it
minimizes hunger and helps maintain
muscle and weight loss
and then for the toppings I'm just going
to add some frozen fruit and like some
nuts and stuff but she's whatever you've
got in the cupboard
so I'm measuring 30 grams of frozen
berries these are so good you can
microwave at it so solar policy shop
sauce which is an absolute dream this is
my absolute favorite source at them and
it's like a mint chocolate flavor and
just tastes amazing Alabama it's in
those things and the nuts really make a
difference so yeah these are all my
snacks and my groceries a minute
[Music]
so that brings us to the end of this
video
I really hope you enjoyed it I
absolutely loved to see any recreations
you can tag me over on my Instagram
which is our Olivia Jarvis of two S's
I've been loving seeing your recent ones
so yeah let me know what other videos
you'd like to see on here there's
anything they would be super helpful and
don't forget to Like and subscribe and
I'll see you guys in the next video